README.md, before:

# Zig Master Toolchain Template

A high-performance Docker template providing a minimal, production-ready environment for the Zig development branch (master). This image is meticulously crafted to serve as the backbone for building modern systems, including the Spider Web Framework and the Grape Engine.

## Key Features

- **Daily Updates**: Automatically rebuilt every night with the absolute latest Zig master commits.
- **Database Integration**: Pre-loaded with libpq headers for seamless PostgreSQL development.
- **Minimalist Architecture**: Designed specifically for multi-stage builds to produce ultra-small (sub-1MB) scratch containers.
- **Ecosystem Ready**: Fully compatible with the Spider Web Framework directory hierarchy.

## How to Build Locally

To build the image on your machine, run from the repository root:

```bash
docker build -t llllollooll/zig:master .
```

## Quick Integration

Use this image as a builder stage in your Dockerfile:

```dockerfile
FROM llllollooll/zig:master AS builder

WORKDIR /app
COPY . .
RUN zig build -Doptimize=ReleaseSmall -Dtarget=x86_64-linux-musl
```

## Credits

This image was created based on the excellent work from [ziglang/ziglang](https://codeberg.org/ziglang/ziglang) on Codeberg. We would like to express our gratitude to the maintainers for providing the foundation that made this specialized toolchain possible.

Commit message:

Add Docker Hub link to README

README.md, after:

# Zig Master Toolchain Template

A high-performance Docker template providing a minimal, production-ready environment for the Zig development branch (master). This image is meticulously crafted to serve as the backbone for building modern systems, including the Spider Web Framework and the Grape Engine.

## Available on Docker Hub

The image is available on Docker Hub: [llllollooll/zig](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/llllollooll/zig/general)

## Key Features

- **Daily Updates**: Automatically rebuilt every night with the absolute latest Zig master commits.
- **Database Integration**: Pre-loaded with libpq headers for seamless PostgreSQL development.
- **Minimalist Architecture**: Designed specifically for multi-stage builds to produce ultra-small (sub-1MB) scratch containers.
- **Ecosystem Ready**: Fully compatible with the Spider Web Framework directory hierarchy.

## How to Build Locally

To build the image on your machine, run from the repository root:

```bash
docker build -t llllollooll/zig:master .
```

## Quick Integration

Use this image as a builder stage in your Dockerfile:

```dockerfile
FROM llllollooll/zig:master AS builder

WORKDIR /app
COPY . .
RUN zig build -Doptimize=ReleaseSmall -Dtarget=x86_64-linux-musl
```

## Credits

This image was created based on the excellent work from [ziglang/ziglang](https://codeberg.org/ziglang/ziglang) on Codeberg. We would like to express our gratitude to the maintainers for providing the foundation that made this specialized toolchain possible.
